lang: Mutate instead returning new one in `CpiAccount::reload` (#527)
otter-sec/anchor: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Breaking Changes

> * lang: Mutate instead return new one in `CpiAccount::reload` ([#526](https://github.com/project-serum/anchor/pull/526)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* lang: `CpiAccount::reload` mutates the existing struct instead of returning a new one ([#526](https://github.com/project-serum/anchor/pull/526)).
```
